Cmi call on hold (#783)
RSE-Sheffield/RSE-Sheffield.github.io: pages/collaboration/cmi-rse/cmi-rse.md

---
title: CMI-RSE Support [On Hold]
permalink: /collaboration/cmi-rse/
slug: index
type: text
---

> <span style="color:red"> Due to the amount of preject with received, this call is on hold until November 2024.</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span style="color:red"> Due to the amount of projects received, this call is on hold until November 2024.</span>
```

Reviewer: Could also use a bootstrap 4 `alert` for visual emphasis.

```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-danger" role="alert">Due to the amount of projects received, this call is on hold until November 2024.</div>
```

![image](https://github.com/RSE-Sheffield/RSE-Sheffield.github.io/assets/628937/09fa6e12-d687-464a-b5b1-4d932a96ad0f)

instead of 

![image](https://github.com/RSE-Sheffield/RSE-Sheffield.github.io/assets/628937/b5f4b6cd-965d-4fc5-a64c-c68770b68010)

Though either is fine.
